# CornerGrocer Product Processor

# Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
The Product Processor analyzes data from files that lists items purchased, generated throughout the Corner Grocer's opening hours, and return formatted data based on the user's selection from a menu to display item frequencies. The resulting data will help the store quickly analyze sales data in order to rearrange their produce section to create the most effective layout for their customers.
# What did you do particularly well?
The program is well structured and promotes modularity by separating file I/O functionality, which reads, processes, and provides data backup from produce frequency calculations. It uses an object-oriented approach: the derived CGProduce class inherits from the CGFile base class to perform file processing while maintaining readability, as well as implementing encapsulation and polymorphism. The code also checks for exception handling and provides relevant error messages for user input.
# Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
Improvements would include further modularity. In particular, the do-while loop in the main method can be put into a function that takes user input as a parameter and returns the resulting data, allowing the main method to only call a single method. Classes could be broken down further into separate header and implementation files for better organization. In addition, more descriptive variable and function names could be used for better code readability. 
# Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
The most challenging and research intensive part of the code was implementing the Maps library, which required precise coding syntax. To find the most efficient method, example solutions from StackOverflow exchange and Zybooks was thoroughly researched and tested, requiring multiple iterations of the maps implementation. Exploring the framework of iterating through Maps was helpful in determining the best way to efficiently perform frequency calculations. Documentation from learncpp.com and cplusplus.com was necessary to add to my resource network to further explore additional libraries that could be useful for efficent code implementation.
# What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
The practice of implementing object-orientation design is highly transferable to other projects and course work, extending beyond the scope of C++ programming. In addition, developing a user-friendly interface to handle user input, along with error and exception handling, can be applied to various programs. It is not only important to maintain code readability for other developers, but also develop the best user experience in order for users to continue using the programs created to solve problems. Debugging is also a useful skill that is required across all software development, as it helps maintain bug-free code.
# How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
This program uses inheritance from base class CGFile to derived class CGProduce to automatically processes files once a CGProduce instance has been intialized with input file and output file names as parameters. This modularity allows the program to be maintainable and adaptable, as updating code within the program would only need to be changed at one location. In addition, this inheritance promotes polymorphism, allowing the derived class to be initialized as an instance of the base class, providing flexibility and makes it adaptable to updates. Finally detailed comments were added throughout the program, describing functionality and allows the code to be readable.
